hey one say i'm doing a Primark haul I
went to the black hole primark last
weekend and I went to my local Primark
today I thought I would give you all a
little primer cool i'll show you what is
in the stores currently because either
Primark calls i love watching them i
love to see what is in store and also is
spring and summer so they have quite a
good selection of stuff so i went a
little bit crazy on the clothes shoes
and i also bought a couple of round
things as well so i am going to show you
how the one thing i did buy was a fedora
but currently that is in my car and it's
just a black fedora hat and owen sir
picture here of me wearing it but
currently obsessed with door hats and
that was thinking seven pound I was in
the Blackpool Primark i picked up this
like lie look fluffy jumper it's across
my dick off sighs because i don't really
like crop stuff and this was five pound
ridge from 10 pound and i think this is
amusing this would be so nice for them
spring days when it's not particularly
warm but it's not cold enough to wear a
jacket so i thought this be quite nice
with black jeans or white jeans and you
can't really go wrong 45 pounds so i
picked that up also i picked up just a
plain white vest top i always pick up
one of these women prime up because I
pretty much live in them so picked up
that and that was 180 I picked up this
white t-shirt which says just a plain
white tee on and I thought this is quite
nice because it's kind of got a little
something to if not just being a plain
white top and this was a full power I
thought it'd be quite nice and kind of
jazz up the plane outfit so all that and
then picked up this top I don't know why
I picked it up but just in the stores
kind of like I want that it's basically
says original 90s girl on it and it's a
really like oversized vest top it's got
like I can open the arm holes it's got
quite Drake arm holes that we quite
like lounging around the house or
wearing to bed we just put what I'm
going to do and preg not gonna let us
out but this is really nice and it was
full pound they do quite a few different
ones of these he'd be like a white one
we're like a different logo on it but i
was born in nineteen so kind of going to
do it for the 90th pick up this top
which I got outside because this is a
really really crop crop top and I didn't
really want to be too cropped so I went
up to a size 14 and it fits really nice
as a top um I can wear a bra underneath
this and make it look nice as well so
it's not to like cleaver ii edge but i
like it and it was five pound and hunger
wrong but it's just kind of like a navy
blue and white striped and i thought
it'd be quite nice a spring and summer
also I have an obsession at the moment
with things that are like on like your
arms that's such a good way describing
it but basically tops that have straps
on the shoulders but then have a little
bit that cuffs on your arm that's what
I'm trying to explain but I picked this
up and I just fell in love when outside
you are mine so I got the same size 10
so I got it up because it is quite
cropped and she's really nice and flowy
and it's got that kind of like boho
inspired miss to it and I really liked
it so I picked that but i think that was
six pounds and then lastly for clothes i
picked up some white leggings because i
don't have any white jeans and I don't
want to buy any white jeans if I don't
like them so I thought I'd pick up some
leggings and these were seven pounds so
you can't really go wrong with them even
if I don't wear them a lot is not as if
I'm paying like Topshop prices and if I
do like them but I can treat myself some
watching then I picked up a couple pair
of shoes I bought these shoes here which
just cross over so they're kind of like
that one you think in there a grey and I
don't really have anything like this
color in my water
so i thought i would pick it up under
knees were eight pounds I believe I'm
kind of like obsessed with cross I'm
detailing on shoes at the moment so they
put these up and I picked up these
babies here these were the last ones in
my size so I pick them up um I don't
know whether I should have gone down
because they are quite loose when I wear
them so i may have to kind of take these
back and gets more size but they were 16
pound they have like a gold detailing
down there but dad won't do this month
you've got one that's in there and it
has a gold detailing underneath the hill
and I just thought these really big nice
i dude remember what I was more tempted
by these and the black ones um the best
like I just strokin this whole eyes and
then lastly for things I picked up from
Primark if you watch my weekly vlog if
you didn't then i will link it in the
downbar you will have seen a process
which kind of happened really quickly
and if you don't know what that is me
and my boyfriend Tom are moving in
together and we have bought a house so
expect a lot of like moving in vlogs and
a whole blogging process of how it goes
and stuff but I have had the urge to buy
something like home related for a while
so when I was in Primark I picked up to
random things I picked up a ice cream
scooper no idea why I just need to take
it out of my system so picked up on ice
cream scoopers with one pound fifty and
I thought you know what I like ice cream
with a need an ice cream scooper one I
have a cute one so I picked up this one
and then I picked up a packet of ice
cubes but they're the reusable ice cubes
now way way way way way back to my
childhood my nan used to buy these for
me all the time because
obviously must have been paranoid that I
would choke on an ice cube or something
and all see these are quite massive
don't really know where I'm going with
this but my nan used to buy these from
you and ask kid and it just brings back
so many like memories of my childhood so
these were found and you get 20 and you
get like great great shape ones apples
strawberries watermelons you could quite
different like variety of shaped in this
night for pound you can't really go
wrong and it kind of brings back
childhood memories for me and it kind of
has sort of released a okay i need to
buy home web stuff now out of my system
so bad yeah i hope you guys enjoy
l'affaire don't forget to like and
subscribe also don't forget to check out
my weekly vlog I will link it in the
down bar and yeah if you have enjoyed me
also doing weekly vlogs and stuff then I
will have another up on Monday it's not
as exciting as last week's but you never
know we're weekly vlogs you never know
what's gonna happen hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to give
it a like and subscribe if you did if
you're new don't forget to hit that
that's quite the loyal if you are new
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button I upload every Monday and Friday
at seven pm and I hopefully will see you
in my next video
you